README.md, before:

# Greek Mythology Quiz
Greek Mythology Quiz is a quiz game for anyone interested to test their knowledge in this area. There are three difficulty levels: basic, moderate and chanllenging. Player is requested also to enter their initials so incase they hit the hight score, their user name will be listed on the scoreboard. 

Scoreboard can be found from the dropdown menu in the corner, along with about, and quit game options. About section shares game instructions and quit game is used if player wishes to quit while playing. 

Once the player has selected a name and difficulty level, they can click the play button and start the game. Player will be given 8 questions from the pool of 20 questions of the selected difficulty. Player needs to select the right answer from 3 options with a given time limit of 30 seconds. With every right answer player accumulates points. More difficult the game is more points each answer gives the player. Both score and time is shown on the screen.

## Features

### Header
Contains the title of the game, volume button and drop down menu. The header is visible throughout the game working as a navigation bar for the game. 
### Drop Menu and Volume Button
Volume button and drop menu are both set on the right hand side of the header bar. Volume button will allow player to mute the game if they wish so and stack icon will open a drop menu when clicked. Drop menu has three items on it, about, scoreboard and quit game. About item opens a pop-up window that explains rules of the game, this can be closed by clicking x from the corner. If scoreboard is clicked it opens a window displaying the highscore. 
### Start Screen
### Question Screen
### End screen
### Footer
Footer has the link to this projects GitHub page and to the authors Linkedin profile. 

## Testing
---
Overview of tests done.

### Bugs
### Validator Testing
### Unfixed Bugs

## Deployement History

## Credits
---
### Content 
- Questions for this quiz where taken from [trivialbliss.](https://triviabliss.com/categories/greek-mythology/)
- Icons where taken from [fontawesome.](www.fontawesome.com)
- All images have been taken from [pexels.](https://www.pexels.com/)
- Fonts are from [Google Fonts.](https://fonts.google.com/)
- Radio buttons circles were removed and replaced with the label text by using the code found from [markheat.net](https://markheath.net/post/customize-radio-button-css) website.
- Changed start game pages submit button to icon button using the code with alteration from stack [overflow](https://stackoverflow.com/questions/30837216/replacing-submit-buttons-with-icon-basics).
### Media

Commit message:

Increase the number of questions generated

README.md, after:

# Greek Mythology Quiz
Greek Mythology Quiz is a quiz game for anyone interested to test their knowledge in the topic. Player can choose questions from three cathegories: basic, moderate and chanllenging. 

Once the player has entered a name and chosen a question cathegory, they can click the play button and the game will start. Player will be given 5 questions from the pool of the selected difficulty. Player needs to select the right answer from 3 options. With every right answer player accumulates points. More challenging questions will generate more points. Once the quiz is over the player will be given a the final score and a choice to play again. Game can be played multiple times as questions are always generated randomly.

## Features

### Header
Contains the title of the game, volume button and drop down menu. The header is visible throughout the game working as a navigation bar for the game. 
### Drop Menu and Volume Button
Volume button and drop menu are both set on the right hand side of the header bar. Volume button will allow player to mute the game if they wish so and stack icon will open a drop menu when clicked. Drop menu has three items on it, about, scoreboard and quit game. About item opens a pop-up window that explains rules of the game, this can be closed by clicking x from the corner. If scoreboard is clicked it opens a window displaying the highscore. 
### Start Screen
### Question Screen
### End screen
### Footer
Footer has the link to this projects GitHub page and to the authors Linkedin profile. 

## Testing
---
Overview of tests done.

### Bugs
### Validator Testing
### Unfixed Bugs

## Deployement History

## Credits
---
### Content 
- Questions for this quiz where taken from [trivialbliss.](https://triviabliss.com/categories/greek-mythology/)
- Icons where taken from [fontawesome.](www.fontawesome.com)
- All images have been taken from [pexels.](https://www.pexels.com/)
- Fonts are from [Google Fonts.](https://fonts.google.com/)
- Radio buttons circles were removed and replaced with the label text by using the code found from [markheat.net](https://markheath.net/post/customize-radio-button-css) website.
- Changed start game pages submit button to icon button using the code with alteration from stack [overflow](https://stackoverflow.com/questions/30837216/replacing-submit-buttons-with-icon-basics).
### Media
